Main Prompts:

Our agent.py file has become too confusing and big. I want to refactor it so that the run function is a clear function that calls other functions but doesnt have a ton of logic directly in it. Please make suggestions about how to implement this

When the user first uses the bot, we need to add a disclaimer, where in the code is that?

We are failing a lot of the agentic evals because the location service is asked for - what do you suggest to get around this?

we have store info in our RAG - that is all that I'd want to consult for this question - no need for my location to be shared

Please add the image functionality in the NutritionBot file where it says "elif isinstance(event, ImageEvent)". Then add the ability for me to wirte a prompt for what to do with the image in the agent file appropraitely

Ok, patch it so tgat qyestions about if an item is covered by WIC go to the RAG query

It says" The closest Korean grocery store to 126 Powerhouse Blvd in Somerville, MA is H Mart in Cambridge at 581 Massachusetts Ave. It offers a wide selection of Korean ingredients and is about a 10-minute drive from your location. Would you like tips on easy Korean recipes using WIC-friendly ingredients? You can tap one of these next:" but there is one in Davis- how can I get that>

in model_selection.py, suggest how to keep track of the time it takes to answer each LLM generated question so we can evalaute model speed

if I write "List four WIC covered stores in Somerville, MA.", it shouldn't need my location... how do you recommend fixing that?

so you think the user_last_location is why the whatsapp isn't asking for my location? It shouldnt need my location to tell me what stores are in Malden!

This is weird. When I ask a question about Connecticut it answers even though my prompt says not to answer about other states.

The image identification is not giving clear yes or no answers

Get rid of the forced yes no. DO the extract and determinisitc check

with: "Is country kitchen 100% whole wheat bread covered by WIC?", we are getting no even tho it is covered - what could be going on?

Ok - if I put it in text it works but not with photo even though it extracted needed info - explain the photo -> classification pipeline

I don't want it referring to KB in the answers

The RAG search seems very brittle with the food guide.  I ask "Is Clear Value Crisp Rice covered by WIC?" but because it doesn't exactly match the order of text in the docx, it failed


why does "Is the Assabet Co-op Market in Acton covered by WIC" ask for location but "Does the Stop and Shop at 105 Alewife Brook Pkwy, Somerville, MA 02144 cover WIC?" doesnt?

 want to also run on the base model the questions, generater answer and jury - what do you suggest

 We got yes for this buit its not in the RAG: Is the Assabet Co-op Market in Acton covered by WIC

 Can it do the deterministic and if it fails, it goes to the current pipeline